well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight it's gonna be unlike
any video I've done before
as you probably noticed I don't do the
whole click like subscribe ring the bell
speech and every one of my videos mainly
because I find it annoying when I'm
watching somebody else's video so I
don't do it in mine same thing applies
for support my patreon mainly because
until about 15 minutes ago I didn't have
one you guys have asked for it so now it
exists if you're not familiar with
patreon it is a platform that allows you
to basically sponsor me it charges you
once a month our plans start at $1 and
go up from there in exchange for that
you get little perks get access to a
discord server
it's a chatroom you've the ability to
vote on future projects you'll get to
see some selective videos early nothing
will stay behind a paywall that was
something I was pretty adamant about
participating live streams stuff like
that at the higher levels you'll get
merchandise shipped to you and this
would be like a t-shirt that isn't
available in the teespring store or
something along those lines even at the
lower levels you can probably expect
something every once in a while so
where's the money gonna go well
initially it's just gonna go to free me
up from the algorithm so I don't have to
worry about fighting YouTube and
Facebook at the same time just to get
the video seen beyond that you know I'd
like to branch out into other types of
media the podcast everybody's asking for
I'd like to write a book too actually a
few other things some of those things
are going to require help and this money
will pay those people and then
eventually if we get enough sponsors or
supporters I'd like to take this show on
the road and I don't just mean going
around speaking I mean actually getting
out there and doing the forest
multiplication that we talk about
helping people build those community
networks and addressing some of the
issues that we talk about in these
videos
now that's the plan it's tentative
because we have no idea how this is
going to play out it's subject to the
whims of fate but that's that's the plan
it's well it's just a fault the rest is
up to you guys
anyway uh y'all have a good night